Welcome, everyone.
So come to the.
Next problem, vacation.
Again, a nice problem.
You will get another way of implementing our dining programming solution.
As I said, all the problems are unique in their own ways.
It's a lens through the problem statement.
That Awesome Obligation starts tomorrow and he's decided to make plans for it now.
The vacation consists of entries for each.
A Toro will choose one of the following activities and do it on the island.
To be a swim in the sea in a points of happiness we catch books in the mountains can be a point of happiness
to do homework at home in S.A. Points of Happiness Pool.
So actually here we have three transitions basically that you can do.
First, they cannot type, but here we have another concern which is very important that air start who
gets bored easily because I think I am taught you cannot do the same activities for two or more consecutive
days.
Like me, I.
So what does this line mean?
What does it actually want to say that if Thoreau has done swimming in the previous day, then he cannot
seem he or she cannot then cannot swim the next day.
Now added, they are to catch bugs in the mountains or do the Armageddon.
Similarly, if there catch the bug the previous day.
We are not talking about the previous days.
Previous.
I mean the day before yesterday.
I'm just talking about yesterday.
What Thoreau did.
Whatever he did, he cannot do the same thing in the next day.
The consecutive day nature is there for two or more consecutive straight.
So it should be very clear find the maximum possible total point of happiness, the Thoreau gain.
So this is the standard and what we are getting AB in to what is the land of men and the power by great.
So let's copy the first input and let's see how this bugs actually.
What's it?
Vacation.
Well.
So here we have three.
Then we have the.
Ten.
40.
70.
2053.
A very nice problem.
Both of these are very similar problem to this, which is how slow.
But I just think the problem only good if you haven't Alice Roper and there are two parts of it do both
after doing this and you learn a lot from the problem.
So 30.
60.
And so these are the problem calls painting the fence.
Ending the fence like this is a problem.
Yeah.
Painting the fence on gold forces aid.
And on the problem that I was talking about with house robot, they are very similar problems and these
are the rolling pin downs.
I guess only people are sure about the third one.
But yes, all these problems are very similar to this problem.
And first of all, let's discuss this then you can easily solve all the problems.
So here what we have is a so let's not look at the answer.
What does this mean?
But it means that we have three rose martyrs.
Three rose means we have three.
This raid and all this three days have three different activities.
The first activity.
The second activity.
And the third activity.
So the first day I can do any activity, right?
So what is the first step that I defined when I was starting the game programming thing?
It is forming a state.
We have to form a state, but we have to think about what kind of state do I need?
States should be constraint specific.
Basically, the search should actually be according to the constraints also.
And also, yes, you can easily form recursive relation from that state.
If you have taken the wrong state initially, then you cannot easily move with the dynamic programming
solution because you have figured out the wrong state.
So if you ever answer that means the first step you are moving towards a solution is wrong.
That means whole part will go wrong.
Right?
So the first step is very important.
We're just forming the state.
So let's take the kind of what state should it be from this?
What are the maximum total points of happiness?
They're talking.
What do we really define?
A state that deep, i.e. is a.
Equal to.
Maximum.
Happiness.
Maximum happiness.
Maximum possible total point of happiness.
So maximum.
Points of happiness and happiness.
Happiness cannot be counted.
Eight Maximum Points of happiness.
On identity.
So let's define this first and now let's think about what states can make.
Well, if I define the API then it doesn't actually contain the information related to what activity
did it perform the last day?
Because I want that information, write it, what activity I performed the previous day because that's
very important.
If I performed activity the previous day, I cannot make that transition.
So what I'll do is.
I'll make this trade off.
It'd be I'd go gma3 what is to be a government release?
It simply means that what is a maximum happiness?
Maximum points of happiness on the air today.
Instead of three, let's say de.
Make it a variable.
The day will be actually if git activity.
Is being.
The word assisted means that.
On the eighth day, if I'm performing an activity, either A, B or C, Rachel zero can have zero one
or two value zero one or two values, which are the three values?
Buddy.
So.
Yeah.
But it can have either one of these three values which is DB i.e. ending the maximum points of happiness
on identity.
If GI activities are being performed, very simple rates of knowledge will destabilize.
Hmm.
Okay.
So I just buried it here.
Only I do this.
This will really be tables of what should be lending volumes.
The Land Rover should be in within the number of days and the column should be three, which is the
number of activities there's might have to be accommodate eight.
What is deep, I imagine it is are I cross g.
Function right.
And what what are the values of I, I start from one in this case.
Well, I do not get confused at the time of explanation.
I take sometimes zero base indexing and sometimes one base indexing it.
And what is the values of G do?
You can either be zero to.
And zero means activity.
One means activity B and two means activity.
Very simple rate.
Let me.
Yeah.
There is 012 and 012.
Again.
Again, I made the same mistake.
I am just taking a zero base indexing rate, so I'm digging days to be numbered from 012.
Right.
So let me quickly it is this also.
But zero two and minus one for everyday.
Now.
Yeah.
Now, let's talk about the first dig.
Let's start with the first day, about the first rule.
So what is the maximum happiness?
If I perform activity on the first day, there are no constraints over here.
I can perform any activity on the first day because there is no previous day.
So the deep value should be in 1470.
Right.
Very easy.
Not all heavy stuff.
Now, let's talk about the second row, guys.
So here is the tricky part, right?
If you want to perform activity, that means I'm talking with the cell one, comma zero.
It means on the first day I'm performing activity in the event performing activity when they should
come, because that is the number of happiness.
That is the happiness is getting after performing activity on the first day.
Eight.
So when day will come, we all know, right?
But no.
What else should come?
What are the transitions?
So on the previous day, on the previous day, what is the maximum happiness?
If Tora performed activities other than the.
Right.
So that's what the questions say, right?
We cannot perform two activities.
We cannot perform the same activities on two consecutive days.
I know.
And they're destroying De Ville building with this 40.
Because this is the maximum happiness evaporative one is performing on the previous day or it will be
linked with 75 because this is the maximum happiness.
If activity two is performed on the previous day but destroying decay and not building written by same
reason.
Because if I make this transition of 10 to 20, that means I'm performing the activities on the set
and performing same activities on to the new ones negative base, which should not be a.
When it transition.
According to the problem statement.
What are the values that I'll get?
And then it will be sorted with 20 plus maximum off.
And then 40 or 70, which is Dubai minus one.
Another activity activities.
Well.
So how can I define a reconciliation here?
The reconciliation is equal to the idea.
Is equal to.
Maximum off BP.
I minus one.
And JJ, what is the ability?
Double J's from 0 to 2 and double J is not equal to.
J.
Because they cannot have the same attitude.
So deep.
I mean, is one double j's.
Which is all the it is going for all these days plus the cost of this which is what is the magic scheme?
The.
So let's call it.
So let's call it edgy.
Not easy.
So you got this right?
That it'll all be A-okay, depending on the.
But we did hate this guy.
This can be either NBA or city, depending on g, f, g zero.
It is e.
If there is one, it is BA.
And if J street is.
Well.
That's a reconciliation reformed.
Now, guys, if I linked 20 with 40 or 70, the maximum will come from 72.
It will be 90 with you.
Similarly for the second, what is 50 on this 50 and not willing with this 40?
It can either be written or 70.
So the maximum is 70, 70 plus 51, 20.
And now coming on to the third, which is 80.
So it is 80 plus as it 40th.
And no, not we cannot take 78, it is 40 plus.
Then we just 50, 87, 30.
Right?
Oh, yeah.
This is about the second day, literally for the third day to begin, guys, for the third day we have
today.
This party can be so we cannot perform the same activity.
That means I cannot link decided this transition cannot be made to what are the allowed transitions.
It is 120 and 130.
That means what is the maximum happiness on the previous day?
If I did activity one or two, then only I can do activities zero under current rate.
So how do we get this?
It is either 120 or 130 where it is max vandalism x 130 plus hour days.
What is 130 plus 30?
It is 168 and.
Well, this again.
Well, you were just 60 over here, so it'll be 60 plus either 90 or 130 now.
So it will be 60 plus 130, which is 190.
And what is the last which is 90 plus the other one?
90 or 90?
Another one born before 94.
It is 90 plus 120, even just 210.
Eight.
Okay.
I hope you can see why I'd be not worried about what the person did on the previous two previous days.
That means day before yesterday.
You're just worried about what you did yesterday and me?
The maximum happiness if you did this yesterday?
Well, if I have to do separate values, two different values of the other activities which are not
included, I'd simply take the maximum that you did this activity the previous day, and he's getting
the maximum point of happiness by performing this activity the day before.
And I'll take that into my current condition.
And it.
There shouldn't be any choice.
This could have been like extended below.
But I hope you understood this.
Let's make the transitions in this table.
It will become very easy.
This 90 came from 20 plus 70.
So it is this transition.
And.
Yeah.
So it's still going to happen.
This transition is a fast transition disjointed this 120 game from this again 70 and this 130 game from.
A D-plus.
I think I did a mistake, I guess.
Okay.
So this.
How did this one party game when it came from your tubeless maximum of ten inventory.
I actually added ten in 40, so it should not be 130.
It should be one 2040.
Eight.
Yeah.
It should be 120.
So this came from this transition.
Similarly, let's talk for 160.
So this 160 is again wrong.
It is 150 because of the values.
Let me feel all of this again.
Think it is 120 plus.
So one rule is maximum on the two.
So it is 150 now.
Now this be 60 plus one 2180 and this will be 90 plus 120, which is 208.
So the answer is, of course, 210, but the transitions have been changed.
Eight And this 210 comes from this.
Always.
So what are the.
So how can I find if I want to find out a perfect solution, that these are the activities of a fund
that can simply trace back to 210 came from the third activity, which came from 120, which is the
second activity and it came from 120 came from again the third activity which is 78.
So it is C, B and C.
So first you perform C, then he performs B and then you perform C.
So here you can see we we do not have consecutive same characters because we cannot have.
The activity in the consecutive days.
Well, I think that's enough of a you know what the explanation.
Bartlett scored it out.
No, and let's do it very quick.
Oh, yeah.
So how many will use the to of the good fight.
So let's staggered.
I'm not taking three different absences.
I'll just take one, which is only two, Ian and three.
Okay.
So this will store all the activities.
Similarly, let's take a deeper.
Well, let's take an.
It's important.
And.
And let's.
Go to all the and.
The rate today will go from zero to.
Okay.
So I'm.
Illustrate this, what you see in AIG.
Hey, Joe, I've taken the input, not issue.
Let's fill the base cases, which is BP zero.
It is BP zero zero is equal to is zero zero.
Hey, because I'm filling in for the first day.
So let's copy this.
Epic 01010202.
So now I want you to do the memorization by yourself, which should not be an issue, because I've already
made this a causal relation.
You can do that yourself.
Now let's put all the other deep values.
Eight.
So what we have is we have to start it from one because we are for the 0008 and start from from one.
So what we'll do is we'll say deep, i.e. there is maximum of EBITDA.
What are the values there, comma?
What we want to do is we want to go for the previous three transitions or eight for a current transition.
We are going for previous three transitions.
Again, let's make another loop and let's call it double G as we did in the previous problem eight.
So what is the condition in which so far?
Let me complete the records of relation.
Then we write the conditions or it will be DPA, double g, which is the previous.
So the previous is W minus eight plus E, it is the cost, which is the point of happiness for the current
job.
So this should not be agreed by because what I did was to zero.
We have double digit goes to zero eight.
That means two activities are being performed.
What I'll do is I'll see if J is not equals to g g.
That means the activities are different then only do this part that divides maximum of this.
And guys, there's no need to fill it with minus one or zero initially because whenever you declare
anything in the heap memory or globally, it is pre-filled with zeros.
Great.
Let's.
So we have got this now.
What should be the final answer?
Final answer should be.
The maximum of.
Whatever the three activities are being performed on the last day to hear them on the last day we had
three activities.
150 was the best court activity.
One was done when it was a best scoring activity, one was done and two ended and it was the best quality
of activity.
C was done.
So it was a best career choice.
It will be deep.
It will be maximum of the hits maker director.
So it will be deep in minus one.
Zero comma d.
B.
Okay.
I think there's this another function.
Let's take help of this maximum element.
So let's positive deep in.
So this.
How can a bus?
But not to be in the pen minus.
And minus one.
And minus one plus three.
Not sure if this works.
Yeah.
So we go to 208 and then we'll function the children's double digit returns, a pointer to the maximum
element.
Similarly, we can have an element, right?
I did?
Yeah.
It's been a long time.
I didn't.
Would.
What we have.
It is 100, 100, and this is a final when it is 46.
But what I want you to do is I for all these problems, I want you to trace this back.
I want you to bring all the activities that are being performed, CBP, whatever is performed on which
day history is this back and print the values.
That's how you don't understand.
I knew programming by tracing things back.
Okay.
Great.
And I've already shown you how to raise your back.
Just write a normal function.
Avoid function which will return whenever you find the right transition.
So let's copy this and.
Restrict.
I'm retired.
And this should work if I'm not having any competition errors.
So it's an accepted solution.
We all can see.
So that's it, guys.
About the third problem.
And after this, we see all the variations on acid problem.
By.